[Music]
nine scientifically proven tips for
losing weight without diets we all know
that dieting is no fun but what other
options do you have if you want to lose
a bit of weight right buddies continue
to reveal simple rules that will help
you achieve your dream body was almost
no effort and yes it is completely
healthy so do you want to find out more
and let's dive into it but before you
get one step closer to your perfect body
be sure to hit this subscribe button and
turn on the notification bell so that
you'll always be on time for every
bright side hangouts but back to our
magic rules number nine add healthy fats
to your diet when you're on a diet and
trying to decrease the number of
calories you consume it seems reasonable
to stop eating such foods as nuts seeds
cheese and butter in reality the
situation is entirely different healthy
fats digest more slowly than proteins
and carbs which means that if you eat
them the feeling of hunger won't bother
you for a long time plus a study
conducted by the Department of anatomy
and cell biology of the State University
of New York downstate medical center in
Brooklyn
confirmed that monounsaturated fats help
the body digest lycopene lutein and beta
carotene so include avocados walnuts
olives salmon eggs seeds Parmesan cheese
and other healthy fat foods in your meal
you'll see your body changing in no time
number eight watch the number of lost
calories during physical activity here
we have one of the most disappointing
collisions of expectation and reality
after a couple of hours in the gym you
think you've lost tons of extra weight
sadly the real number is not that great
and science verifies this imbalance
studies conducted by the University of
Lancaster with the help of Mexican
specialists showed that people with
extra weight often overestimate the
number of burn calories while exercising
as a result they allow themselves to eat
more food thinking that they've spent a
lot of energy and that's where all the
problems start moderation is the best
method you can apply here of course you
need
eat after your workout just don't go
beyond the limit of your daily calorie
intake otherwise the whole point of
exercising will be lost
number seven wash fruits and vegetables
thoroughly both fruits and vegetables
are great additions to your menu whether
you're trying to lose weight or not but
their amazing benefits will only work if
you wash them well according to
pesticides in the modern world written
by Ali Ruby and no Series C if you don't
wash fruits and vegetables thoroughly
the remaining pesticides can slow down
your metabolism and cause weight gain
even though these chemicals are supposed
to protect foods from parasites in this
situation the end of having a negative
influence on human health pesticides
also disrupt thyroid processes which
leads to a hormonal imbalance moreover
scientists suggest that they damage the
mitochondria which are the parts of
cells that turn the food you consume
into energy so don't be lazy take the
time to wash all your fruits and
vegetables properly number 6 breathe in
the smell of olive oil olive oil is
wonderful not only for your skin and
hair but for your body too or groups at
the Technical University of Munich under
Professor Peter Chabert a and at the
University of Vienna under Professor
Veronica samosa studied four different
editable fats and oils including olive
oil they discovered that adding olive
oil to food can leave you feeling much
fuller more quickly as it turns out the
smell of olive oil has its own set of
benefits to extending the period when
the sugar level is stable so you don't
feel hungry Italian oils in particular
contain the largest amounts of chemicals
that block feelings of hunger so the
rule is simple or olive oil less extra
pounds number 5 eat with pleasure having
a bit of extra weight shouldn't stop you
from enjoying food on the contrary when
you savor your meal your body responds
to it much more positively the
is that our appetite is regulated by a
hormone called ghrelin and this is where
the interesting part starts you landed
is Chavez senior emergent researcher at
the University of Vigo found that gralen
levels rise when you are stressed and
decreased when you feel pleasure from
eating in other words if you truly enjoy
your meal you won't feel hungry any time
soon however if you hardly eat and feel
pressured to eat less you'll find
yourself standing in front of an open
fridge much sooner the answer is to
simply fill your menu with healthy foods
you like and then your weight won't be a
problem anymore
number 4 choose the right pasta pasta is
one of the most difficult foods to give
up when you're trying to lose weight but
what if we said that you shouldn't give
it up at all just choose the right one
it all has to do with the glycemic index
which represents a rise in a person's
blood sugar level two hours after eating
the lower this index the more slowly the
sugar gets into the blood as a result
your body produces smaller doses of
insulin to process the sugar however if
a lot of sugar gets into the blood
quickly the body will have to produce a
large amount of insulin which will send
a signal to the brain that it's time to
eat again
that's why foods with the low glycemic
index are better for people trying to
lose weight according to a study
published in the diabetes care Journal
different kinds of pasta have different
glycemic indexes the best option for
anyone who wants to lose weight is
spaghetti the worst pasta choice on the
other hand is macaroni and just like
that one of your favorite meals can go
back onto your dinner table number three
take calcium supplements if you can't
digest dairy products many people are
lactose intolerant so it's far more easy
for them to exclude dairy from their
menu altogether as it turns out this is
not a smart move scientists from the
university of tennessee proved that
cheese milk cottage cheese and many
other dairy products contain a great
amount of calcium which speeds up the
metabolism of fats
the weight of those who took a calcium
supplement during the experiment
decreased by between 26% and 70% so if
you miss out on this important element
it can be harder for you to get rid of
those annoying extra pounds no worries
though just take calcium supplements and
vitamin D instead they'll give you
results just as amazing as regular
consumption of dairy products number two
eat solid food in the morning we all
know that breakfast is the most
important meal of the day
not only fuels your body but also helps
you kickstart your day scientists have
been aware of the importance of
breakfast for a long time and now
there's more and more research into
exactly how the food on our plates
influences our bodies an article
published in the International Journal
of obesity in 2007 explained that
protein efficiency increases when it's
eaten in solid form this means only one
thing
if you eat solid food instead of
smoothies and other stuff like that in
the morning you'll feel hungry much
later and that's exactly what we need
right so pick your breakfast options
according to this rule if you want to
trick your system into eating a bit less
number one eat dark chocolate don't get
too excited
chocolate is still not completely off
the hook according to the results of
research published in the hso a journal
of obesity and weight loss chocolate
doesn't have a positive influence on
your health but that doesn't mean it
can't be helpful in some ways another
study published in the International
archives of Medicine Journal showed that
people on a low-carb diet who eat small
amounts of dark chocolate don't gain
back the weight they lost but this is
true only for dark chocolate and no
other so don't be afraid to let yourself
have a bit of chocolate every now and
then it won't do any harm to your body
but it will make you happier and what
about you do you have any secrets about
how to lose weight quickly and
effectively tell us about your
experiences in the comment section below
don't forget to hit the like button and
share this video with your friends so
that they'll know about these simple
tips as well subscribe to our channel
for more fun and interesting videos and
we'll see you soon